NOTICK Update where to get the binary location (#21)
corda/corda5-token-sdk: README.md

## How to use the SDK?

> Tokens SDK binaries for the current DevPreview version of Corda 5 are published to R3's corda-lib

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tokens SDK binaries for the current Developer Preview version of Corda 5 are published to R3's corda-lib
```
